Zachary Wallenta
Inventory Specialist
Dish Network – North Haven, CT

To whom it may concern,
	I’d like to inform you of my separation as an Inventory Specialist from Dish Network in the North Haven office. I will be leaving this position to further my career elsewhere as I did not find Dish Network to be the right place for me. After a year of being employed I have met some awesome co-workers who I can now call friends and some even family. I started this position thinking I’d be able to exceed goals and expectations Dish required but very shortly learned that it’s not possible. I learned that the only way to grow yourself throughout employment is that you simply do not unless a senior employee resigns from a position. 

During my first three months of employment I didn’t receive any proper training due to change of management and lack of support from management outside of the North Haven office. Dish Network most certainly does change every day and I feel the warehouse position is completely forgotten when these changes go into effect. As more processes were onboarded in the warehouse, staff were not relieved of any other responsibilities and only given more with no extra time to do them. This was ongoing for months and still to this day.  Mike Afify has been extremely helpful and knowledgeable when it came to answer any questions I had, and I am extremely grateful for that. 

After reading and observing my performance appraisal I can say that many if not all the information was not provided by him and instead by external management holding myself responsible for missing inventory when the inventory was missing when I took this position. I feel that higher management likes to use escape goats to fix their own problems instead of providing support to those who need and educate them on how to fix it. That is the exact environment I do not want to be a part of and is a reason why I am resigning from this position. 

Dish Network likes to state it’s the leader of technology yet most of its processes through the warehouse and office are all done on paper when it could be even better processed on the computer. Corporate tends to state any and all suggestions are welcome to better these processes, but when you suggest them and many people think it could work, that idea gets tossed away.
I’d like to greatly thank all that have helped myself and peers throughout this past year to provide support when asked and I wish everyone the best with Dish Network and its future!

Sincerely,
	Zachary Wallenta
	Former Inventory Specialist
	Dish Network – North Haven, CT
	#GFF